Contribution to Final Module Mark: 60%

This assignment asks you to design and implement a Search and Sort application. In particular,
you are to create a Console Application using C#, which will help with the analysis of Road 
Traffic data. This assignment has mandatory (1-3) and additional (4-7) tasks, which will allow you
to achieve highermarks.

Your Console Application should be able to provide the following functionality to the user:

1. Read the files “Road_1_256.txt”, “Road_2_256.txt”, and “Road_3_256.txt”, into                   Done
individual Arrays

2. Sort in ascending and descending order and display every 10th value of the selected				Done
Array(s).

3. Search the selected Array for a user-defined value, if the value exists, then provide its		Half done
location (if it appears more than once then provide ALL the locations) otherwise provide
an error message.

4. Repeat the previous task, but if the value does not exist then provide the value(s) and			Done
location(s) of its nearest value.

5. Your Console Application should be in position to input the files with length 2048. Then			Done
repeat Tasks 2 to 4 and display the corresponding values for all the selected arrays, for the
2048 length array(s) display every 50th value.

6. For additional marks, Merge the Road_1_256.txt and Road_3_256.txt files. Then repeat				Done
Tasks 2 to 4 and display the corresponding values.

7. For top marks repeat task 6 using the files with length 2048.									Done

Enhancing your submission for top marks.
Undertake a comparative evaluation for all the searching and sorting tasks by using different
Searching or Sorting algorithms. You should display the number of steps that each algorithm
performed.

You should NOT use any built-in sorting and searching functions from any built-in
or external C# library.
Learning Outcomes Assessed:
On successful completion of this assessment item a student will have demonstrated competence in the
following areas:
[LO1] Understand the time and space efficiency of algorithms and how tocalculate/estimate/evaluate and
improve them.
[LO2] Determine an appropriate algorithmic approach to a problem.
[LO3] Ability to select from a range of possible options, to provide justification for that selection, and to
implement the algorithm in a particular context.
Knowledge & Skills Assessed: See guidance notes for further information
Subject Specific Knowledge, Skills and Understanding: e.g. Literature searching,
Referencing, Numeracy, Project Planning, Techniques and Skills Subject-specific
knowledge.
Professional Graduate Skills: e.g. independence and personal responsibility, adaptability, verbal
communication, written communication, creativity, critical thinking, IT skills, self-reflection, 
problem solving, effective time management, working under pressure to meet deadlines,
negotiation skills, leadership.
Emotional Intelligence: e.g. self-awareness, self-management, awareness of others,managing and
supporting others, motivation, resilience, self-confidence.
Assessment Submission Instructions:
The deadline for submission of this work is included in the School Submission dates on
Blackboard.
You should submit your work as a single “.ZIP” file to the “Assessment 1 Supporting” 
section, and a report (in .PDF format only) to the “Assessment 1” section. Use of other 
compression formats such as RAR files will be penalised.
a) The ZIP file which is uploaded to Assessment 1 Supporting should contain the project
files, accompanying input files, any output files, executable and source code filesfor your 
application. The project should be able to be opened in Visual Studio (or any other IDE
that you have used – Mono for example).
b) The pdf report to be uploaded to Assessment 1 should contain:
a. A contents page
b. A basic design for the application (1 page) including:
i. A written description of the application.
ii. Comment about the implementation of tasks 2 to 7.
c. A description of the algorithmic choices you made for the application (1 
page)including:
i. Justification of selecting and implementing particular searching and
sorting algorithms for your application.
ii. An evaluation of the time and space efficiency of the searching, and
sorting parts, as well as your program overall.
iii. Provide tables of the number of steps for the searching and sorting
algorithms you used in respect to the size of the arrays.
d. A Reference list showing items you have used in your learning that are
correctlycited in the body of the report
Date for Return of Feedback:
Format for Assessment:
You should submit your work as a single “.ZIP” file to the “Assessment 1 Supporting” 
section, and a report (in .PDF format only) to the “Assessment 1” section. Use of other 
compression formats such as RAR files will be penalised.
Feedback Format:
Written feedback via blackboard. Face to face feedback can be given upon request fromstudent.
Additional Information for Completion of Assessment:
This assessment is an individually assessed component. Your work must be presented according to the 
Lincoln School of Computer Science guidelines for the presentation of assessed written work. Please 
make sure you have a clear understanding of the grading principles for this component as detailed in 
the accompanying Criterion Reference Grid. If you are unsure about any aspect of this assessment 
component, please seek the advice of a member of the delivery team.
Assessment Support Information:
Assessment Support workshops will take during the week(s) leading to the submission.
Important Information on Dishonesty & Plagiarism:
University of Lincoln Regulations define plagiarism as 'the passing off of another person'sthoughts, ideas, 
writings or images as one's own...Examples of plagiarism include the unacknowledged use of another
person's material whether in original or summary form.
Plagiarism also includes the copying of another student's work'.
Plagiarism is a serious offence and is treated by the University as a form of academic dishonesty. Students
are directed to the University Regulations for details of the procedures andpenalties involved.
For further information, see www.plagiarism.org
University of Lincoln Assessment 
Framework Assessment Briefing Template 
2019-2020 Guidance Notes
Overview
The assessment briefing template is designed to ensure that all students are given information, advice and 
support to successfully complete their module assessments and to reach their full academic potential. 
Consistency and clarity of communication are the guiding principles for completion of assessment briefings, 
and it is for these purposes that this template has been devised.There are naturally differences in wording and 
expression in different subject disciplines, as well as different standards and competencies as defined by 
Professional Statutory and Regulatory Bodies (PSRBs). Therefore, identical documents are not expected. 
However the good practice guidance provided is seen as a minimum for assessments across the institution.
Assessment briefings should be made available to all students and staff involved in the assessmentcycle as 
well as the relevant external examiners. Briefings, where possible should be made face-to-face with a student 
cohort and as a minimum included in the Module Briefing/Handbook. In additionto information on written 
briefings, appropriate support should be made available for students completing assessments to clarify and 
explain. An important facet of successful assessment is the promotion of assessment literacy amongst the 
student body. All efforts should be made to ensure that students are aware of the nature and purpose of 
assessments in a timely fashion and have chance to complete them in the formative mode.
Good educational practice also requires those conducting assessment to ensure that their assessment briefings
are as clear as possible to the student body. Partnership working with studentsto review briefings and ensure 
they are fit for purpose is to be encouraged
These guidance notes are to be read alongside the policy and practice documents that comprise theUniversity 
of Lincoln Assessment Framework. It is expected that all staff with oversight and involvement in assessment
will have read these documents.
Completion of Assessment Briefing Template
Module Code & Title: Give Module Code and Title as per current Programme Specification.
Contribution to Final Module Mark: Specify the contribution made by the mark of this
assessment to the final module mark as a percentage.
Description of Assessment Task and Purpose: Information provided here should represent aclear and 
concise answer to the students’ common question – “What do we have to do and why this type of
assessment?” Examples may include:
“You are required to submit an essay, in no more than 2,000 words, that discusses thepotential 
benefits of using stem cells in medical treatments. The purpose of this assessment is to judge 
your knowledge of the subject area, an ability to find and evaluate accurate and reliable 
information/evidence and present it in a clear, concise and scientific manner.”
You are required to prepare and deliver an oral presentation on the social and political contexts
of the English Civil War (1642-1651). The presentation should be of 10 minutes duration and 
you should be prepared for a 5 minute period to answer questions from the audience. The 
purpose of this assessment is to judge your knowledge of the subject area and your ability to 
communicate your understanding to an audience of yourpeers.
Learning Outcomes Assessed: Specify the Module Learning Outcomes assessed as per the current 
Programme and Module specifications. This section may also be used to explain the linkage of learning
outcomes to any PSRB standard or competency.
Knowledge & Skills Assessed: Here it is important to inform students of the contribution of this
assessment to the development and acquisition of knowledge, skills and behaviours that are keyoutcomes
of the module and programme. Refer to the following when providing this information.
Subject Specific Knowledge, Skills and Understanding: e.g. Literature searching,
Referencing, Numeracy, Health and Safety, Project Planning, Techniques and SkillsSubjectspecific knowledge.
Professional Graduate Skills: e.g. independence and personal responsibility, adaptability, verbal 
communication, written communication, creativity, critical thinking, ITskills, self-reflection and 
life-long learning, problem solving, group or team skills, effective time management, working 
under pressure to meet deadlines, negotiation skills, leadership.
Emotional Intelligence: e.g. self-awareness, self-management, awareness of others,
managing and supporting others, motivation, resilience, self-confidence.
Career-focused Skills: An understanding of the range of graduate careers, skills and attributes
required by employers, a range of strategies to present skills and attributes toemployers.
Assessment Submission Instructions: Here the purpose is to describe as clearly as possible,the date for 
submission of the assessment as well as how students will submit their work. For example: “you are 
required to submit your assessment before 3pm on Thursday 11th July 2019 using the online assessment 
submission facility on the Module Blackboard site. Pay careful attentions to instructions provided at the 
time of submission” or “your presentation will take place on Monday 8
th July in the xxx, you should
submit your PowerPoint slides to xxx at least one week in advance to ensure that presentations run
smoothly on the day.”
Date for Return of Feedback: Insert a date on or before the 15-day deadline for feedbackreturn
Format for Assessment: Here in this section you are able to clearly specify the format expected for the 
submitted work, such as file type, media type, fonts, spacing, margins, layouts and referencing 
conventions accepted. If there are exemplars of the assessment available, thisis the place to provide a
link to clarify the formatting instructions.
Marking Criteria for Assessment: This is one of the most important components of an effective
assessment briefing. Students should be provided ideally with a set of generic marking criteria employed 
by the School or Subject Discipline as well as a criterion reference grid that shows the criteria utilised in 
awarding the different categories of pass marks for the assessment in question(which may relate to either
award classifications or percentage ranges).
Feedback Format: It is important that our students are aware of the format of the feedback they will
receive on their assessments. In this section you should lay out the nature of the feedback
e.g. verbally in teaching session (give date), one-to-one with tutor, attached feedback sheet,video or
audio. Good practice suggests that face to face feedback is the gold standard.
Additional Information for Completion of Assessment: Here is the place for any further guidance 
for students to prepare them for the completion of the assessment task. This may include links to
learning resources either in print or online. Common resources may relate tosubjects such as Essay
Writing, Reading and Language Skills and Referencing techniques.